Subject: Get 5% APY when you go Gold


Preheader: Become a Gold member by October 31 to get your boosted rate.  


Vinod Kumar, unlock a boosted 5% APY on uninvested cash when you join Robinhood
Gold by October 31.*


Get your boost
CTA Link: https://robinhood.com/us/en/ 


Here’s how it works:


* Sign up for Robinhood Gold by October 31
* You will get a 0.5% APY boost for 60 days on top of the base rate, currently 4.5%, even if the base rate changes.**
* There is no cap on how much you can earn and you can access your money at any time. Your money is also FDIC-insured up to $2.5M at partner banks.*


New members get their first 30 days of Gold free, then you’ll pay $5/month and terms
apply. You can cancel your membership at any time.


– The Robinhood team


This email is sent to you from Robinhood Gold, LLC


Home
Help Center
Contact Us
Privacy Policy


*In addition to joining Gold, customers must enroll in the Brokerage Cash Sweep program for their deposits to earn 5% APY and become eligible for FDIC insurance at partner banks.


With the brokerage cash sweep program, the uninvested cash in your brokerage account (cash intended for investing but that you have not yet invested or spent) is swept to program banks (there are currently twelve banks in the program), where it becomes eligible for FDIC insurance up to $2.5 million or $250,000 per program bank, inclusive of any other deposits you may already hold at the bank in the same ownership capacity. Please see the IntraFi Sweep Agreement for more information on how the sweep program works and how we treat your uninvested cash balance.


**The base Gold APY rate is subject to change. As of September 19, 2024, the Annual Percentage Yield (APY) that you will receive as a Gold customer is 4.5%. The 60 days of the boosted rate may not be consecutive.


All investments involve risk and loss of principal is possible.


The brokerage cash sweep program is an added feature of your brokerage account and designed for cash awaiting investment. The APY might change at any time at the program banks' or Robinhood’s discretion. Neither Robinhood Financial LLC nor any of its affiliates are banks. You must subscribe to Robinhood Gold for the higher yield.


Robinhood Gold is a subscription-based membership program of premium services offered through Robinhood Gold, LLC.


Robinhood Financial LLC (member SIPC), is a registered broker-dealer. Robinhood Securities, LLC (member SIPC), is a registered broker-dealer and provides brokerage clearing services. All are subsidiaries of Robinhood Markets, Inc. (Robinhood).


© 2024 Robinhood Markets, Inc. 3915997


Unsubscribe Subscription settings